docs: creating a devworkspace telemetry plug-in (#2231)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/extensions/pages/creating-a-telemetry-plugin-for-devworkspaces.adoc

[id="creating-a-telemetry-plug-in-for-devworkspaces"]
// = Creating a telemetry plug-in for DevWorkspaces

> :navtitle: Creating A Telemetry Plug-in For DevWorkspaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:navtitle: Creating a telemetry plug-in for DevWorkspaces
```

> [id="creating-a-telemetry-plugin-for-devworkspaces"]
> // = Creating a telemetry plugin for DevWorkspaces
> :navtitle: Creating A Telemetry Plugin For DevWorkspaces
> :keywords: extensions, telemetry
> :page-aliases: .:creating-a-telemetry-plugin-for-devworkspaces

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[id="creating-a-telemetry-plug-in-for-devworkspaces"]
// = Creating a telemetry plug-in for DevWorkspaces
:navtitle: Creating A Telemetry Plug-in For DevWorkspaces
:keywords: extensions, telemetry
:page-aliases: .:creating-a-telemetry-plug-in-for-devworkspaces
```
